com/example/authenticatorapp/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.ChatActivity
 com.example.authenticatorapp.ChatActivity$ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/authenticatorapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.BuildConfig
com/example/authenticatorapp/Adapters/NoteAdapter.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.NoteAdapter
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.NoteAdapter$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.NoteAdapter$NoteHolder
com/example/authenticatorapp/Model/Note.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Model.Note
com/example/authenticatorapp/Fragments/UsersFragment.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Fragments.UsersFragment
com/example/authenticatorapp/Donate.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$2$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$2$1$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$2$1$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$2$1$3
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$2$1$4
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Donate$2$2
com/example/authenticatorapp/MessageActivity.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$3
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$4
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$5
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$6
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$7
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$8
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MessageActivity$9
com/example/authenticatorapp/NGOs/Rb.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.NGOs.Rb
 com.example.authenticatorapp.NGOs.Rb$1
com/example/authenticatorapp/Model/User.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Model.User
com/example/authenticatorapp/Fragments/ChatsFragment.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Fragments.ChatsFragment
com/example/authenticatorapp/Adapters/UserAdapter.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.UserAdapter
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.UserAdapter$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.UserAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/authenticatorapp/Receive.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Receive
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Receive$1
com/example/authenticatorapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$3
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$4
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$5
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$6
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$6$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.MainActivity$7
com/example/authenticatorapp/Ngo.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Ngo
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Ngo$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Ngo$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Ngo$3
com/example/authenticatorapp/NGOs/Fi.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.NGOs.Fi
 com.example.authenticatorapp.NGOs.Fi$1
com/example/authenticatorapp/Model/Chat.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Model.Chat
com/example/authenticatorapp/Adapters/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.MessageAdapter
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Adapters.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/authenticatorapp/Guide.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Guide
com/example/authenticatorapp/NGOs/Trha.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.NGOs.Trha
 com.example.authenticatorapp.NGOs.Trha$1
com/example/authenticatorapp/Login.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login$1$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login$1$1$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login$1$1$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login$3
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Login$3$1
com/example/authenticatorapp/Register.java
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register$1$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register$1$1$1
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register$1$1$2
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register$1$1$3
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register$1$1$4
 com.example.authenticatorapp.Register$2
